james is a 10-14 year old boy and he just bullied me(i'm a 9 year old boy). im playing pr3 maps... and james shall not be invited! this one

 i will be get reported for 3 years the same as platform racing 2 and 1!

why do u hack labsheep:(?

if you havenbt sword me in rnadom race i wouldnt got 4th place i would got 1st or 2nd y did u aev to sword me im rating all your lvls 1 unless u apologize

izzy and redmonkey im here to tell u u shud more dms then traps k
 well u dms r good traps r bad o
bombworlds r between traps and dms its somthin every1 shud like as long as theres anticamp
zorjeff y u repeat wat i may or may not of potentially said
 in a particular manner ur abililty to repeat what i say is rather amusing because my word are being repeated its kind of antigonistic
its like u say stuff i say makes it look like the stuff i actually said is said twice
zorjeff jus be more appriativ eof the atmosphere stuff k

 and its cazlled parasol idiot

I hate it when cesar always join the lotf

this is lame who care

parker and if you want to cuss then go to pr1 the cuss and talk about weird stuff and  they could cuss all they want

dear playes,a day i played creation and i enter in a room after this... i say hi to all and all spoke oui???
so i translate i managed to talk french.bye

You said that was a block shop but it wasnt you liar :(

I SENT DANCING GUY WITH LEGS
im in a good mod

342531

 can someask build if he has ignored me please?

mega it feels to be stupid?
mega you are idiot
mega you aidiot
mega is mean HE BULLIES PEOPLE CUZ HES A HIGHER LVL

HEY!! moderators enter pr4 pr3 there are a person hacking name and hacking the levels winning in one second

i didnt get a cha nce to send block sorry

hostin premuim team elimination!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!gtg night!

WTF your saying???World of snow its mine!it was lotd since 23-11 untill 24-11!kalosxxx's level has 8 plays and he copied me!what your saying now? 

kill u=)
kiss=)
hi=)
leave plz>=(
mean!!!
wat?????
wat r u???
ummmm ok wat r ur problem???
 get off mychat=D
getoff plz=(
 wtf!!!!!!!
 um i dontknow srry=(
ur guys r crazy
mean chat!!!

diu no stats

hello good morning new wing campaign to suggest ideas for pr2 and pr3 and may only discuss the idea with a picture of his hat :)

when levels have this i rate 00000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\


hawe can aym gat itms like hat or anting like dis pm mi pliz
 duds hawe can aym gat hat samting als? aym new hire say mi pliz pliz !!
hawe tu open shop
aym not cee ani shop

1euan10 I reported ieuan10 is a mean 10-14 year old boy. He just bullied a 9 year old boy

flyshruck,i searched but i cant find it,but i thought there was a level called:da flyshra crew

The truth says (YOUR ALL UGLEH!

my are play pr4 my no enter how to enter?

ill aaustrilian ppl

Australira and Oceania

Don't tell me donkey but... please tell me how the hell to play Luna and if the levels are made on pr2 or luna wtf... lalalala im mad

silentd3ath is a mean 10-18 year old boy. he just bullied a 9 year old boy

yes i know what i am but what r u ? u r no better than me 
u r an annoying guy who has a boner
u r ignored sir and im 32 btw
ignored and u made another acc pathetic

join kill3r d3athmatch if u r a kill3r aand lik deathmatchez :P

no u r boosting reported

if you see figfigfigtalk to him like this: hi hi hi  i i i like like like waffles waffles waffles

pasi shut up you stopped hacking for 2 days and start hacking again in my level brazening causing the lost of at least 3k exp

zepicz,you are a..you know,a coward ok?no offense,but you dont dare play dm

does jiggmanhave a baby

u guys that sauy hi, are hardcore attention seekers leave me alone POOZY!

Your not getting famous, and your not getting my "thanks".

i cant afford to bye eight balls and i talk to myself on my facebook wall
i feel high oh wait i think i am high
 i went to mceedees to get a big mac it slapped me in the face so i slapped it back went to the counter said whats the deal they slappped me in the face with a happy meal
i might be with my wifey my necks not icy eating at mcdonalds because subways pricey
got my permit feel like cermit i do not treat but i beat the meat got a dog named cooper hes super 
i got a swagger of a cripple i have little biceps getting fatter in the middle lol freestyle

 a zorref kid

to flyshruck idiot!!!!

zorjeff ho wu get that hat


i cant believe u out that in ur lvl the best breed

 modetor
 yore an idiot no afence
 make an eye

Please remember, do not make it stupid things such as to hold your breath for 5 minutes. These could cause serious effect such as injury, hospital, or possibly even death. Please keep these games normal.

Reason why I said,"wtf", is because aaaaa silent me for no reason and Baker called mega stupid but she didn't silent him?Please de-mod her from both websites.Oh btw,Baker is friend with aaaaa so he can't get banned by her.:/

zorjeff YOU POSTED THE EXACT SAME STUFF THAT YOU TOLD ME AND EVERYONE ON PLATFORM RACING 3 BEFORE 'FRED' DID ON MY WEBSITE AND I KNOW ITS YOU!

heh. easy proof. you did that with my rules. GET AWAY FROM MY FACE FRED i dont even want to talk to you for how long as i want
 your a dissapoint on my website...

oh god im expecting zorjeff to be back

everyone here was on my site but fred (zorjeff) banned
 i saw you on my page already






ok
 there's a jiggmin on my website
he's claiming he'll put it on his website to try and get more people to join, and that my website should be an official pr3 website
 if there was a chance i could put pr3 on it...

 ILL LET HIM BE ABLE TO UPDATE IT! because sparkworkz doesn't.

 i should ba jiggmin =o


blazeth: i would just lock it if spammed though

 i look like a care?!?!?!

 well i'm making the mod suggestion thread hawke
 and locking if spammed zorjeff

:bow:JIGMMINS NEWBILAND :bow:

me rank 16 u rank 38 nob

Blazeth is awsome and I make spam posts because I am not cool and I have 6 fake mod alt's.


how the hell u got alotd like that is not fair because other good levels at the same time cannot be lotd by u thx you were making good lvls before and now just ...

jefzor don't act like u were never mean so say that to other ppl say it for u 2
haha u didn't copy me :P

haha i ignored u guys and reported u guys 2
the polic r with me i live in canida

 3 3 Pick numba 3! (English Accent)


im under 13. and i have am moustache.
 size 8 1/2 to 11 shoe sie. *size
zorjeff.
 you are ur mom.
 deal with it, ur mom. c:
premi
 oh, dear mercy! zorjeff steals your soul letter by letter. now to get that process, i will sing the alphabet!
zorjeff doesn't like my website. SHE LIKES NOTHING.
zorjeff has a scribble on her head!

no but what zorjeff said was spam noob
 that been spammed 10 times 
did you got hit in the head,emil?serious talk!
 sorry,but she need to learn what spam is.
see zorjeff keep spamming
zorjeff keep spamming and you thought he wasn't? -.-
wow 2 ama why did u put such lame level
 everyone said 2ama should die,not me.
wow zor defending? his a hat too
 wow zor u got brain transfer?
well you going to underground cuz i swear to god im not.
fly u act like a drunk guy who need to harass people
 your a mean person who should go dig themself to where you know call underground prison

you are ****ing ding me?

Warning, may cause you're eyeballs to pop out at how hard anime and ax6 are cybering.

Im not serious about this Jiggy**** village account. Im just here to appeal my ban cuz im ****ing ****ed at getting banned 24/7 on pr2 often for unfair reasons.

tsunamiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii join!11

i want gamemode for build a huge city :)

I was on my room with high volume headphones, then she removed the headphones and shout me in the ear, but no I was not looking u know in dat moment lol

Girls are so lucky, they have a much more easier body to handel. x)

jiggmin is my romodel when i grow up im gonna make cool games and ive al ways wnted to be a mod ive treid for 3 years and my bday is coming up and its now gonna be 4 years so plz jiggmin if u read this plz try to make me a mod plz

wuaajjj has descubierto mi identidad soy el come tacos

Then edit therad title
I wasted 0,1 secs POSTING ON IT! U ARE A TIME WAZTERZ

EVRY ONE COME TO CARRINA
 ITS DUBBLE EXP

I CANT SPEAK ENGLISH VERY GOOD OK!!!!

jiggmin is my romodel when i grow up im gonna make cool games and ive al ways wnted to be a mod ive treid for 3 years and my bday is coming up and its now gonna be 4 years so plz jiggmin if u read this plz try to make me a mod plz

One of the worstest mod in history. And all of the people below are flamers;only Gamer and Blazey were the one who were bullying me for no reason.And the mod had failed to report.

I don't mean everyone below me are flamers,only Gamer and Blazey,both of them are 12 or around that age since I had meet them om pr3 trolling other members while i was helping people on pr3 getting unfair banneds from mods and i always protect them from thoese evil villians.

Oh and Jiggmin,fyi,i joined your website before on 2008. You should be ashame of yourself for the mods we have now.

When i first went to this website,i knew the mods were gonna be a disaster.

Jiggmin you have to make me mod because I was choosen by link by Bowser to save PR3 from it's dinner.And now i must go to candy mountain to be moded by jiggmin. :p



Griefing is for fun but if Someone Say No grief and you grief you a funny man

Your right You sexy hunk beast mother****er you <3 <3

Thats nice, i don't a sh!* :)

 For a while, I have noticed I have only thanked 71 post.So, im going to try to get 177 thanked post.So I will thank ANY post containing this: \(^-^)/

DO U get super hearing when your high
Im high as high right now and i noticed i hear like everything its all like woah and my vision is all close up and its like who does this to me who could ince do this so why do i or i do.DO U get super hearing when your high

Jacob Ghran; Game Journal

Yea ok. I didn't do that because of that. I did that because I thougt you might shut up and I'm really considering reporting you if you keep being stupid.

Yea I don't care Zornoob. I have an actuall life unlike many of you.

I'm starting to hate you all because I do nothing but make a silly blog and what do I get in return? A bunch of bullshit
You know what? **** me! I'm sorry I joined JV.

and my name is Jesus not pasi, nazi

many players sayed i hacking and i dont hack like zorjeff
this chat is full of zorjeff

Ariana Grande Hipocrite Problem?

why do u keep on say 'hi'

re you getting brain washed?
We don't want anymore loser levels and less to Pr2.
Omg best idea evar!! Saasdsdasd
The worse thing I ever said was 'Zorjeff is cool'

Sry, but I'm afraid that Jiggmin don't care about ur thread. And maybe he don't care, but we are a majority which like he's actions.
Also, please precise that this is YOUR opinion, cause you are talking like everyone think the same way as U.

im iln last 6 and i am the last one to join lol

Your'e parents need s ban!

hey, if you spam 1 more me i will report so i know sgenth silenced pasi5000shutupokay some one sayed so stop it he got silenced for 7 days!
again you spam it now i ignored you i dont like stupid spammers.

sorry lab but stoped spam to reported.

THE BEST ZORJEFF: COMING SOON of TBOZ LOLOLO
"The Best Zorjeff" here I come

proclifo is hacker becauase his bloks are not movinng

:D Lol.
You turn trolling into funny stuff.
NEVER
GONNA
GIVE
YOU
UP
ON
FUNNY
TROLLING
~Rick Troll Astley

Blazeth and BartekDragon - Cool Idea for Mods

 do u know any buddy whos name is something like tilbbe
why does everyone ask me if i know someone called tilbbe

What is Kira?
Sorry, I'm not really that into Computers, just the gaming. :P
All these words hurt my brain. :redface:

Someone fold me the cowboy hat in PR2 for xats? for 2134 xats?

 Blazeth has a reserve incase she wants to troll you and make this guide hers. ;)
(Just kidding.)

The main aim of this level is too increase rank (level), the higher the rank is, the higher the points such as speed, acceleration, and jump height can be. Some players also aim to make better and better map.

im gonna commit suecide tommorrow unless you and zamaz will say sorry!

I can't belive you make so noise when Jiggmin pm's someone. Noobs.

minecratf suck and im going to show you how to suck
i going delete minecratf gams
ahahah good bye minegay

zepicz he noob silenced my best friend 30 days he only sayed 4 go and real spam is saying 8 or more 

dude u ent way to far'

aa123 like the ban button, (he told me) he ban me in jiggmin.com and his reason was: lol noob i ban you!

beggars can't be choosers, and if you want to make games, you need to sought out your grammar, and write more formally, I mean it will probably increase your chances. :D

 drager im albert  and in me albert file have i neil in lvl 5
and butter cupp in lvl 8

aammm'h
aaammmmmmmmmmmm
im aaaaaaammmmmmm
drager gtfo

ohmahgawd zurjeff is trullin us agin!
saiv mah new seit

weez trulled

zorjeff stop doing crappy levels and pasi shut up you stopped hacking...

this is the early solar system with alll the planets coliding only 9 survived.the bg is  3 blocks or 4 bgs

saw you the other prozne? and  him copy my body parts

dont worry me sry and hHOLY SHH. I JUST HIT COP CAR AT 1 MPH ON INTERSTATE

mrkitten do u want to retire pr3?

i has ideah for mah seit sinc startur packig

A TOOLBAR AT THE BOTTOM OF THE WEBSITE.

u r a looser hek

Dude the last thx i got is ages ago and i dont give a fox for tjese ****ing thx, and im not tryig to be a trol if i say tolollo once

hurrr
 hurr zorjeff isnoov
monkey zorjeff monjkeyhurrhure
momo is a person with mental problems

 mr.kitten i find inappropriate this <momo is a person with mental problems>

ERYBODY  who bans me will here from my father
the mental guy

hawke2: If we reach 1 more palk is a real false reporteer

What the heck...

One, wtf is that

Two, are you high?

Three, you aren't banned

Four, PM a mod next time....

Plasmic mcnoob mcnoob go die you are pr3 hater dont even try and go die

STUPID DRAGER
MY COMPUTER HACKED AND I GOT SLOW!

 see,, now i dont shut up because you proome me, stop saying all back.

 lines im coming for you
if think this song is gay press 123

if you dont tel people yourname they how will they cole you

Don't trick us,that was your post!

do you like dogs and spiders in your salat

I AM NOT FULL OF YOURSELF YOU ARE THE ONE FULL OF YOURSELF. l SEE YOU IN EVERY COMIC YOU DO. AND I DID NOT MOVE ANY SIZE TO THE RIGHT.

How would ik.
Im not internet smart.

shut up, zor cake.

1. He brags about every little acomplishment he does (idc if you killed a rank 1)
2. Whenever he does something he rags about he forced someone to "high five" him
3.He thinks im fat when i am 88.2 pounds and 11 years old.
4.He thinks 3g is better than 4g
5.He is a dumb dork.d alt
6.He spams!!!
7.He rages whenver he looses. (u mad bro?)
8.He hides the fact that he wants to date Justin Beiber

zof ? did u quit befor

DFC -> Dumb Flying C***

*me just looking at Louis wall* *sees chaos raging, LOL cuz hes still raging bout me* and i dont care what you say anymore chaos ur just a fucking retard to me im not gonna look at louis wall again anyway, im just putting it out there

nah, you're the retard

such is life when the guy who unfriended me, lied about many things and still hasnt apologised for the mistake HE caused is still commenting here, with a new name and avatar

Oh, and did I mention the time you ragequitted from that server like a baby? It was so very hilarious, seeing you seething with rage, so much rage that you decided to press the little button thats under the arrow, perhaps you should go to anger management classes? That would improve your mood two fold, buddy, keep on trying to make yourself feel better

buying gunboots


There once was a guy name parker8-2-8 people some-times said he was really great, or the just! [wait 4 secs] Wanted! [4 secs] To! [wait 4 secs] Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaate! Now he was walking around town havin lots of fun! But then a crin=minal was on the run! I ran and ran until i had a tan! And yet he is running like a mad-man! I went in the beach where he was-n't in reach! But boy that was dumb because here he comes! So i was backtracking into the city! I didnt even know what he want-ed with me! So i asked re-al uick! and you know what he said.......... A STICK! So I asked why and he said T-M-I! So i said........................ GO AWAY YOU GAY!

Tittle:Going to the same school with Zepicz.
Lyrics: (start at 0:04)I wanted to avoid all the things I hated about Zepicz but his a stalker and he wants to be with me for to this day... (wait until 0:27)
[Song beats/ Pause for awhile until 0:27] So there's this name Zepicz or you could call tiger because he like to be.. feasty in my bed during school ik is weird but schools have beds. And i wanna run away from that girl but she keeps on stalking me all day. She has a crush on usb hub and me and i rather kill myself. I wanna go and explore somewhere where there is no tiger! And i cant seem to run no more or more. And ik these lyrics suck but tiger and her fingers keep on touching me! SO IS HARD IS HARD TO WRITE ANYTHING WHEN HS'E SHERE WITH ME RIGHT NOW IN REAL LIFE KISSING ME ON MY LIPS WHOLE 
ENDURING AND WRITTING SO PELASE HELP MEEE I WANNA GOOOOO! 

I am so sorry! THAT WAS SO TERRIBLE. Here's a new one so i can make it up for such a terrible performance but blame everything on Zepicz/Tiger. NOW THIS IS THE BEST SELLING PR3 LYRICS! ENJOY! Also the song is slow enough to be able to sing with it! 

Tittle: God knows best when mods are ignorant.
Lyrics: (Start at 0:37) As being God.. I hadn't imagine such violence.. not even a.. God can't balance it... No god... cannot even forsight this vision. All of these mods .. will then destory everything. I, however.. will fight against all of these ignorants. no matter how... dangerous it'll be... ill TAKE A HAND! NO MATTER HOW MUCH THINGS ARE PAINFUL ILL RESTORE THE BALANCE AND DESTORY ALL OF THOSE IGNORANCY.. OF A godI WILL KILL ALL.. OF THESE MODS.. NO MORE OF THESE LITTLE SATAINS TRYING TO HURT FEELINGS.. U CAN GO BACK DOWN THERE. AS BEING ONCE... A SPECK. MY WAY WONT CHANGE PEA-CE... BUT I KNOW WHAT'S BESST! [pause and start at 2:45] WHAT HAD I DONE.. I AM DEFEATED... SILK ON THE GROUND.. NOTHING BUT MUDER... HOW FOOLISH .. NOTHING THAT I COULDNT DOO... I WANTED TO.. FIGHT FOR EVERYONE.. BUT THEN 4 CAME.. ! I DIDNT KNOW WHO CAME BESIDE ME... BUT I REALIZE THAT THE 4... WERE MY FRIENDS! I TEAR IN A WATERFALL.. I WANTED TO GET UP SO I DID AND GET SO THEN WE KICK ALL OF THOSE IGNORANCY OF WHAT WE CALL MODS...! FRIENDSHIP WONT DIE...! WERE NOT PUPPET OF SOME KINDS I WANTED TO FIGHT FOR WHAT RIGHT AND JIGGMIN CAME AND BOW TO ME FOR HIS IDIOTICY... HE WAS NOTHING BUT A CRIMINAL..! WHO DIDNT KNOW HOW TO PICK GOOD MODS SO I SHOWED HIM THE RIGHT PATH!! and so began the story... OF SOMEONE WHO NOT JUST ACHIEVE SOMETHING.. BUT A GOD WHO DEFEATED GOD! IM NOT.. NOT GONNA GO BE ARROGANT LIKE ALL THE MODS WHO TEAR ME ONCE APRT NO WAY NOT ME GONNA PAY MORE ATTENTION TO THOSE CRUMY MODS I RALLY HATE THEY CAN GO STICK THEIR FINGERS IN MY,. U KNOW WHAT A BUTT IS... YEAH BUT ITS TRUE,....! KNOWS BEST.. 

lolololololol dark is a freaktard 

Dark go buy ur own dick from WalMart, not mine

btw dark has no dick

wtf is simming
and is jiggmin a serial killer!???
WOW

Nobody worry about the French food. He's a blog troll = ignore him.

But being positive is fun, you should try it sometime. ;D

offer in matal 
dont add me
hide=no tnx/the player buy one

im on my iphone i was just playing pr2 its hard on the phone but im back :d

I wanna die all those hats on pr2 and time wasted doing races and making racing are u serious??? make more hats and stuff not a new game man.

If pokemon was real, I would kill myself

I envisage this sentence would seem insolent to you, if you weren't such a corpulent ignoramus. However, I want to avoid all ambiguity, when I say that your frail and miniscule intellect is likely not to be able to comprehend its full ramification.

ARE YOU BLIND? IT says that spaerkwoerkz must oyurrxchase the domain, ebverything's normally.

Sorry.  I've never seen you before, and you have a low post count, so I am inclined to say no. :(

sandissimo = most sandy?


Stop this. It's pointless, and Zorjeff doesn't give a rat's butt about anything. Just leave it. It takes more strength of character to walk away than to continue.

I cannot believe users condone this type of activity. It's disgusting and wrong. Why should we reward someone for being such a female cooler gender?

They weren't. http://jiggmin.com/threads/96191-lea...19#post2413119

Although it mostly pertains to his real life, there is: 
No reason whatsoever for anyone to make his JV life Hell too.

I had no intention of being a knight in shining armor. I'm trying to help a friend. It's your privilege to see me how you like though. [I rather like the image of me being a knight in shining armor, if I do say so myself.]

U AM NO REAL SUPER SAND

Wait, I can give you my acc if u want. All u gotta do is say, "Can I have your acc

screw you mac donalds
we pay`d for 3 big fries and we got 1 big fries and i was full for a halve

noah you are a baby now get out of this game you bub. no one wantgs to see you again because i think you are seriously annoying now et out of this game you freaking jarhead!

start block shop lease or im start you blok shop
star minecaft block shoooop please please
please sent me ghats and im sent you 4 block
start please minecraft block shop
start please please start blok shop pls i will give

________
/ \
| Um.. hi? |
\________/
/
/
.O.
/ | \
/ \

Hai There
Im SnycTaken
:cool:
wanna play with me?
[SIZE=6]PR2 Username:Dreamin[/SIZE]
[SIZE=6]Roblox Username:SnycTaken[/SIZE]

Don't ask, it reduces your chances of EVER becoming one. http://jiggmin.com/threads/54751-Mod-Applications!-batch-2-in-process check here for more infomation :D

Attemps to make Admins members* im bad

WE NEED A MOD ON NOW

yuor name is offensive

DrunkenHitler: my old account on this game is banned for 11 years because i was hacked by some spanish person

Gingbread head: its food but you cant eat
Stick feets: youre an easy drawing


ME:
STOP BULLYING

NINJAKURTIS:
NO U

ME: 
WHEN CAN U STOP


NINJAKURTIS:
STOP

ME:
LOOK UR NAME! HAHAHA!

BULLYINGKURTIS:
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!! HELP!!! SSSSSSSS

I'M NOW A MEMBER OF THE PR3IMPROVEMENTGANG. ITS MY DUTY TO PUT THE RIGHT STUFF IN THE RIGHT FORUM. NOW, THIS IS LEVEL CHAT. DO NOT POST UN-RELATED THINGS TO LEVEL IN HERE! IF YOU WANNA MAKE FORUM A BETTER PLACE, THEN OBEY THE RULES. IF YOU DON'T, THEN I WILL FIND YOU! SO PLEASE GUYS, AS BOBTOMATOHEAD SAYS, "THIS PR3 LEVEL CHAT, NOT PR3 GENERAL CHAT"

Can people pls start calling me Captain Funtimes?

Please stop.
When will this stop?
Woah there pal! Player Z ain't no quitter. I kinda feel bad but you're probly gonna get nagged every time you do this XD
It's called actual humor not random spam.
If I feed teh trolls enough they'll get sick XD
All back.
One day you will look back on this in embarrassment.
Just wondering, what is the point of this? Other than thanks do you really gain anything?
If you want I can be on topic and find your really bad quotes. Ones that aren't noobish but horrible when you think about it.

This is intolerable, get out of the forums. Gearmystic is an okay person, so is Darkdiscipline. I don't want to see any more harassment here, got that? it's not welcome, we're keeping these forums clean from now on. If you refuse to accept it, then prepare to be in the ignore list of many, fake Gearmystic.

I feel like painting rainbows and unicorns!

i do not hate kojoe that old but i hate minecratf!

Please no one needs a critic, or a fool to define others, no offense, just because u look at someone like that, doesn't make them that, please keep your rude opinions to yourself ^_^

Just saying, make sure they agree before saying, words such as "idiot", I am sure users wouldn't agree with that, keep your opinions in a sense of manner-full manner ^_^

hi, im a stupid noob a$$ JacksonE alt. i like to troll innocent kids like Mig, Guest, Hollow, and Noah. im so stupid that i failed 2nd grede english class twice. im so fat, that i cant even fit in the school cafeteria. im so ugly that i look like someone from a d a m n concentration camp in the 1900s. and btw, the real JacksonE is dumb gear alt, so im basically Gearmystic. btw i have to suck a f**king cock to shut my a** up when im crying

NOT RELATED TO LEVELS IS IT? POST IT ON GENERAL CHAT OR PR3 SUPPORT IF YOU WANT, BUT NOT LEVEL CHAT! RIGHT NOW MY DUTY IS TO PROTECT LEVEL CHAT. PLEASE DO AS I SAY AND OBEY THE RULES.

Who are u?! I mean I don't normally welcome users like that but this isn't a user....just a user....I despise u smileywebs2.....

Woa, Pasi, don't make this thread just coz you hate NinjaKurtis. That's a waste of space, time and everything else. Stop making these threads, especially here, in the LEVEL CHAT!

I agree with amatacus, these threads aren't useful or helpful at all to anyone or anything, please refrain from this type of topic ^_^

xat
omg i really hat!!!!!e omg i really hate those guys they are bullying forums now we cant talk if they send something everysecond!

i relly hate and how to make this
______________________________________________________
omg i really hate those guys they are bullying forums now we cant talk if they send something everysecond.

yea bat how ?? to get bubble body and how to become hero of week ?? w

YourAnonNews:Post pics of Ariana Grande.

good super ideas; the boom hat wan u get this hat it well boom up  blox maker make your blox

What the jiggmin? Its a joke?

I drew it bad mymisthak

	
 what u do if u met jiggman ware u live?
i will say wtf now what wii u do?

this is jv
if u dont like pr2
GTFO

Hi, i'm gonna Bye from PR3 there was many Reasons because

i don't Liked the PR3 of 2013 they i Wanted to Save PR3! but not i Can't
Some People hate me in PR3 and i am Rank 33 and i'm Tired to see Hackers all the Time

i Think which as i don't Have another Way to do anything in PR3 only Leave
Sorry Guys if you Played with me they will stop to Play PR3 for Weeks

until PR3 will be Saved but i think which its not Possible i'm Sorry Bye
a Game who Ever gets like 4 PPL and the LOTD never changed Bye Bye

do u have weps that u never use and just take up space, then send me a trade request and i will take them off ur handsa

ok.... i going post a blog every monday it called condolg show... this one is about my english i seek like this on over acc . why is it show hard godfather ok that is my rally my english it was a episode off of my new game i will see what u all think about it/\_/\ .... in my next blog

YES! We need moar rulez. Moaaaaarrrrrr!!!11one!11

I see. Maybe I should cry and kneel down because ur Rank 33 and ur Tired to see Hackers all the Time

i liked it then it got bad and started to suck so ii not play it no ,more this was 2011 i joined 2008
but minecratf was made in 2008 or 2010 i know that because of someone tell me that and i looked on the witit
but yell minecratf fan can talk a bot it and do not doing in the pr3 frounm go

What is so great about minecraft, that it appeals to so many people?
I mean seriously, I played it once, didn't know what to do, then quit
The type of games I like are more so war games such as call of duty
Has anyone even heard of call of duty??

im sad
my 2 acc got ban ricky1092 I got 100+ plays on that acc and made a cool game then I got banned I was going say sorry but u ban me befor I said it and I told usb hub that I ban the one who was getting out hacked link and he ban me for that and my bro got banned for not know what he was doing
i sad why my acc got banned ricky1092 got banned and i want it back and i was going say sorry but u ban me

maybe infinty has infinite amount of heads
go home lemur
ur bruck
infinite + match = OMG TOO HARD!

does anyone now how to unban me in pr2 or somthing that i can play pr2 in

On July 21 which is when most kids in the USA start school wear all white skele body on pr3.it stands for death from school.

First you spam this everywhere
Then you decide to ignore anyone who posts Beerd once
Then you post this guy

hi tear
Also no hacking was involved. :P
(You might have accidentally blogged on the wrong blog) ;)

dont ruin the fun

Thank you for the response Discord, also, a zorref kid that was not a nice comment.
If you're gonna be an asshole, then leave. I don't need flaming, I don't want flaming, and I'm sick of it.
Maybe you could just get your rude attitude somewhere else.

welcome to jiggmins your latest wether update: it is -10ºc in the freezer and 100ºc somewere with no life HELLOO STEEPSLOPE
OOPS look down i need to change it it was suppoust to say welcome to jiggmins village**
Hello Steepslope!!!!!!

Infernal, you don't have a life you liaar

tommorow im hosting tryouts for my guild One NAtion... Pm me and ill be their tommorow to race u

Your sarcasm isn't in any way appreciated, especially on a going away thread, no one asked for it, nor does anyone need it, it wasn't anywhere near funny. I'd think you'd learned by now, Clifford, but everyone is gullible and believes in fallacy's. 

Seriously? You're going to be sarcastic, & rude, here? 

-_- You should be ashamed, of yourself. 

You copied someone's post, about saying something, exactly, like that. & no, I'm not the sarcastic one. I'm the one, going to miss Nedron, the most, out of all of you, combined. (Sorry, about my bad comma habit.)

Hey, butt hole, stop mocking my medical condition. & I thought of what you said, you're right. 

You should know. -_- 

I will still be on AcidChat.Comuf.Com, though, guys, sometimes.

Sarcasm, isn't what we need, here, thanks. :)
Just wondering, what does "~" mean, at the end, of every sentence...?

I felt completely the same way Ned, and to this day a couple of people still batter on me over the stupidest shit. This is your decision, and in my opinion, i'm VERY close to quitting JV, it's been taking too much of my time up and what not. I should be focusing on work and my family. I wish you the best of luck in the near to long future, and you have the strength to overcome what life tosses you.

No? Idiot. 
Stop mocking me, you 8 year old little girl. Ignored, also. 
I thought you were cool, until you mocked me. -_- I'm A7X4, from RuneScape, by the way, now Pupz608. -_-

thia game's addicting a shell!!!

FOR SOME REASON THE VOICE IN MY HEAD THAT READS THINGS FOR ME IS WILL FERREL

yes and its not funny :(

Not friggin' funny..

Shut ujppppppppppppppppppppppp
u dont know my feelingsssssssss
i edit the page for 1 hour and bammmmmm!!!!!!!!!
Edited by exp god 
****kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk kkkkkkkkkkk

Soooo, what's your question? You get one.
Because I'm not required to? Nobody is entitled to anything, especially if they have a negative attitude.

lol who the hell is bearqueen xD?
this is only my main account lol bro's who told u guyz I have alt the only alt is knight360 lololol

lol banning some1 is restricted with any reasons or any proof u shud get banned 
after this I know I will get banned :/

errr im a boy and that alt thingy or bearqueen is a girl wtf man? I have a alt gender whahahahah gg bro's banning some1 w/ any proof :P

I told my alt acc is knight360 so I forgot that pass I created this acc so this is my main acc now

im 15 and (or something?) hell what do u think I am?

err that girl message me in pr3 getting banned cuz of me lol I don't even know her, I luv these people getting banned cuz of me like wtf T>T

ur the one who is below of 13 cuz ur reporting some1 dat didn't do anything

if u didn't report any1 then why the hell is that girl banned

no comment.

hope u read my comments
he messaged me in pr3 saying that she got banned and telling me that im bearqueen alt acc I was like wtf

im a Filipino not a english

who cares about the age ?

whats your problem!

??? wat da heck

Zorjeff Ur My Friend Y Would U Get So Mad At A Sword And IM Razorhawk But Rlly Go Ahead Rate 1 On My Levels :C


can u help me whit bubble feet and body

To be honest, I don't even know you, but if you want, ok, sorry.

im so sorry i dont even understand   but im so so so so so so so sorry   please forgive me

and my levels getting 5 stars in like 10 plays anyway so np

what are u talking about?

You pm'ed me a little hissy fit. You said I bet you in a race because I used a sword on you and you would rate all my levels 1.


Sorry to burst your bubble but I havn't raced in 4 months (only chated)


You must have pm'ed the wrong person.

Lol who are you?

U wot m8?

That's how a race work, big boy, by the way learn how to spell.

I really don't care about the rating of my levels, and I don't remember "swording you". You've sent this pointless PM to many people, threatening them for no reason. You better stop, I can guarenteed you It will result In a ban.

ok sorry???

oh was that you!....oh man im so sorry for that i didnt know! :( but you probably wont 4give me
btw i only hav like 2 levels so it wont make much of a difference to rating theyve only been published 1 time

i apologize

What's your problem it's a game sometimes you win sometimes you lose it's called tactics. You are a greedy person just jealous and I dont remember the race anymore so you can't say anything. I'll say sorry but I need to report your comment as a threat.

What the??? I don't like to apologize muahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >:P
WTF?! again! 

I hate you, JeffZor.

-SpongeBot

can you give me bubble parts?

1. I have never seen you before 
2. I don't have levels so give it your best shot buddy xD

got to hell

R**ist

I could choose between 2 guys but not 2 females. Women get more emotional and upset over that kind of thing than guys do. So I won't choose to be respectful.

Ah, since V told me to stop acting that way I'll have to let you guys know that if you keep bringing it up I will be reporting it as harassment.

vfv give a fred for all

Reserved in case this thread gets stickied.

HI I HAVE A NEW IDEA FOR THE NEXT MOTLEY MONDAY!!!!!!
Basically, what it is ,is a new outfit called "man" and its kind of like sir but.......well not so much like sir and what it is,is a big muscular man with muscles but not to much muscle so he doesn't look like he's on steroids...... and a very manly head with boots and he has the ability to break through them kind of silvery cement blocks in pr2 so technically ...yeah he is on steroids..........
please post "yeah thats a good idea!" or "yep yep i can live with that."
p.s if this idea makes a success then man will be extremilyrare!
bye!

Please Become Me A Beta Tester Or You Cat Die
[IMG]http://jiggmin.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=47339&d=1372637333[/IMG]

dammit i was too late again
by the way i give up with pr2. i am quiting.
ban me i dont give ****.
dammit.
shit.
crap.
****ing hell.

Why can't you PEOPLE READ?! INCLUDE YOUR PR2 FRIGGIN' USERNAME.


No need to panic, it's Zorjeff again! Mod is here!

Stop those commas. I outgrew them.

there shlock be a sand block the sand block pall u down when u on top of it and good for all games and dms

Good job omega! You are the best member ever on jv!

I want to be in Beta Testers, But In PR2 I am not IN that guild.

*Gives middle fingers to trolls*
I'm chopping off middle fingers and mailing them to trolls to intimidate them into not trolling. Good luck with the above.

 we have kick some more people
Not only that, stating you opinion means you get flipped the bird.
Zor. Are you familiar with the butthurt dweller?

TOO MANY people posting


please for the god sake,stfu.

WHAT THE ****!:o:o this is just ridiculous..... IM glad that i dont live in USA. I 
btw I live in Europe

You're not funny....Honestly...You people spend your lives harassing people, Ricky and Mario have one weakness in language, you all attack them, I used to use the letter u in form of you, I have stopped that so you people shut up, for some reason, it doesn't work, so tell me people, what do you want me to do to make you guys stop?

NIGATIVE 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 000000000000000000

Lock and delete thread plz, this is out of place and ridiculous -.-''

(If I was a mod, I'd do what I just said above)

[QUOTE=VforVendetta]Dear a zorref kid,

You have received an infraction at Jiggmin.

Reason: Insulted Other Member(s)
-------
Telling other members to "stfu" isn't appropriate.
I'll remove that post as well because it's spam, but you do need to be respectful of others.
-------

This infraction is worth 1 point(s) and may result in restricted access until it expires.  Serious infractions will never expire.

Original Post:
[post]2697800[/post]
[quote][QUOTE=Ninetales?;2697779]Your sarcasm isn't in any way appreciated, especially on a community manager thread, no one asked for it, nor does anyone need it, it wasn't anywhere near funny. I'd think you'd learned by now, a zorref kid, but everyone is gullible and believes in fallacy's.[/QUOTE]

please for the god sake,stfu.[/quote]

All the best,
Jiggmin[/QUOTE]

hello ppl ppl in pr2 talk about cheese hat the cheese hat came form a you tuber it can do 1 thing boom up blocks when u have cheese hat and a lvl with 910 block in it u boom up all the blocks in that lvl when u go to them and i bet this was made before

give up ricky
people will just say "too OP so no"

look at this and say yes http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iSe0phsckE

yah this idea suck ppl keeps on talking about this and they can get no cheese hat
and somebody told me to do this west of my life

good super ideas; the boom hat wan u get this hat it well boom up 
blox maker make your blox

..........howu know.........................

What the jiggmin? Its a joke?

I drew it bad mymisthak

........no lol

i im so........
jokeing

u do............ ok..............

ok iwell ty

it give u 3 bomb at the start of a game

I mAT it give u 3 mine not 1 mine if you're going to hit a block
and ty is thank you u not no that

Lol I Think he is, Hes just Atempting to troll 

Ricky, PLEASE, PLEASE, speak english, I am sorry But I don't think You are fit to be on the forums, I Scolded you On Sparkworkz, so I will have to on here, If you would atleast Double check your posts, right click the Red/Green Underlined Words while editing, atleast please fix Some spelling, anyways back on topic, Block Skinner (Custom Block Skins) Not Block maker, On motley monday Jiggmin said Block Skins, But I choose block skins, just as long as he doesn't lean to the ways of PR3 Again, Now that I have that off my back, I can move on with my life, Thank you

Well I try my best Not To Be Flame Bate, And I didn't Say I "Could" Make him, I know it is his choice but He Might Just WELL be a little kid, and plus There is just about enough people here to hurt his feelings by mocking him (I sometimes do it myself by chuckling a little) But Maybe It's not Your Job to Draw Conclusions about What I say, or What I do, It's My personality, not yours. :/

that old i do not talk like that no more and that not me..... that someone i do not know and not seen for a long time ... and i do not play that game

what u meat my comer?

It's just another jv thing like
-Cup in avatar
-Amanda grande 
Whatever it all dies down some day.

how to you figure

A mis take is significantly a variable in the reality of perception.

Haha, I think Ninetales has a problem!
He's probably just mad.
He's good now. Hope when his ban expires he will learn from his mistakes. If he comes back.

That photo is false, no proof it is official proof, after all, anybody can edit pictures, even me..VFV is 10X better than Yak, don't mistake that. 

Zorjeff, why are you doing this to me now, now is not the time.

Who do you think is the most Intelligent Jv member? I'd probably say Rammjet.

Pr2 is really about having fun with your friends if you trying to compete and be the best people are gonna say your not the best being the best is being the nicest and the most helpful and anyways those people who are competitive im not saying they are bad its just way better to be nice. Thank You -ThunderShock37

lava block
Football Set
Dog Set
Plane Set
Triple Health Block
Editable Campaign on custom server
Viking Hat
Cheese Hat
Police Hat
Comment what you think would be most useful!

What i Think should be added into Platform Racing 2 is some new body parts here are some ideas-

-Ninja Set- (Feeling Weak Put On The Ninja Set!)
-Holy Set- (People Like To Feel Holy!)
-Dog Set- (Scince We Have Cat)
-Miner Set- (no comment)
-Plane Set- (Use With Cowboy And Your An Actual Plane!)
-Trophy Set- (Felling Like A Winner!)
-Alien set- ( Feel Like You Want To Invade The Human Race!)
-ThunderShock44

So theres this guy who keeps sending me messages saying that hes willing to cockslap me the whole night and thaatbhe wants to fill my mouth with his cu.m.... 

Can you guys please do something about it m starting to freak out and my mom saw them messages ans she said that shes going to track the creep down becus she works in the FBi and shes going to have the uy beaten up hes nam is migwi1

If this info helps my name is Kyle im a guy and im 13

Bye

Y so spammy?
I'm drowning in the sea of texts.

I'll unban you before I go.
Here's my reason too:
"The fact of the matter is, we have some really nasty members on Jiggmin.com.
When the site owner logs on and jumps to conclusions and performs all these actions without even considering that, it allows me to realize: This is not the kind of community I support anymore.
If Jiggmin does not support me (I am not talking about money, but backing his team up), then I do not support him.

Hipponator and Breve: You guys were and are the most positive and professional of our team here, and for that I thank you.
yak404: You should have been demodded long ago. We requested it already.
Animebubble and aaaaaa123456789: Thank you for being so active in PR2

I take my leave now. I'll be on Kongregate where the community managers are actually supportive, understanding and know how to run a community.

Bye.

-Robert"

Anyone who knows me knows I'm a social person, and I don't get picked on or ignored. I've deal with harassment and criticism over my time moderating here because I have a thick skin and genuinely wanted to help. However, the fact that you need to question my actual personality, on a leaving thread nonetheless, reminds me just why I've left the forum. This was the exact kind of thing I was talking about. People will join the bandwagon and staff will not do anything about it. I was the one who did something about it, and if that got me hated, well I don't want to be here anyway. I really don't care for a community that allows comments like this, and you can bet I'm not supportive of this kind of immature behavior. Enjoy your little "V Hatefest" here. 

And yep, I left. 
It helps to confirm my decision when I see things like this. 
Hope you feel good about yourself Ridley and everyone being hateful here.

See ya.

I firmly believe in Jesus Christ, and I do hope to continue to grow in my faith and be the person God wants me to be. I got baptized on February 4th, 2012 at Westside Community Church. (though I had been a Christian long before that)

OMG i thought you said black for a second and im not being racist but it just looked like it..

Lol, 1amay is acting "shellfish" :3 That was a joke....

I have joined the last JCN, BUT I WAITED FOR OVER 2 WEEKS AND STILL NO PRIZE!!, the only thing i want is a epic jumpstart, or probably, another prize :( (This is for everyone who joined last jcn and still they doens't have prizes).

I reported so many posts with swearing, like swear filter evasion e.g. "B.S." and use of *'s.

Is anybody even caring? Mods aren't even looking at the reports..

Didn't know that thread 'til just now...anyways, what about the word people use about a female body part, the word comes from a cat, I'm not saying it....is that allowed cuz a few posts I reported said that..

That word, is that allowed..?

*Thinking before reporting*

That's allowed..? Well this is hardly strict.

¿Are you sure? i think you've Left PR3 and you may Forget what's PR3

use laser gun sword and kill justin bi:)ber gay

tie him to a plane and then the holders drops him and he plummeted to the gorund (parlalize him first)

shop things:

lucky token:

get:

-free coins
-jiggmin o' ater
-always prize (1 time)
-nothing

you can get a random thing of those -^

how does it looks like? a ranktoken with a lucky sign


idea 2:

jiggmin o' ater

eat your game over for 1 more try


how does it looks like? jiggmin head


can i have link?


pls download it! i want to add a swagpeep there :P
Oh... I do think everyone is the same, except Pirate and Seitres. They both are getting to kind persons instead of being the swag people they were.
Anyways, who are you talking about? Tell me via pms if you want. Maybe I can help

because everybody im friends with is changing into complete shits

except you because your just getting more swag

Over the past few months, I have been getting a really bad error.:( but in the past month or so it has gotten worse. from the occasional nothing loading when I start a level and have to refresh, it went to common
could not load level error #2032
could not load blocks error #2032
could not search levels error #2032
could not find servers error #2032
so I have a rare occasion where I can make a level
cant play the games I want to play, since I have to refresh
having an occasional extra refresh before I even get on server.
this has been torcher for me.:(

Rather it was when greeting NeviaX...
But he started and said Jiggmine s'' a gay'','' Eat Me Jiggmin pen **''
Then begins to insult, and bans aaaaa123456789 arrives and my friend for telling Julchat stop insulting NeviaX.
They arrived 3 mods and nothing more!
My friend created a video but still does not load
Photos:
[IMG]http://i.imgur.com/ZFmz1DA.png[/IMG]Neviax: Jinjo I ate it penis xD

[IMG]http://img163.imageshack.us/img163/7161/zztx.png[/IMG]

In minutes publishes video!

Post conspiracies about PR2 here:
Here's one my good friend Camer999 came up with (all credit goes to him!)(These aren't true obviously):
So basically, Jiggmin is hoping to release PR4 in December 2013. Well Camer999 said, UnknownAX is getting unbanned in December 2013, so he wants to bring out a new Platform Racing before Unknown ruins PR2. Jiggmin is probably aware of this.
I recall one about Jiggmin, VFV and PC. PC is VFV etc. Credit goes to the guy who came up with it!
My one:
Fred The G. Cactus is actually a cactus that has a built in computer and is run by the government to spy on Jiggmin and collects data and all the hackers are actually people like Obama...

sto9p[pppp or im leaving

JIggmin check pms i was framed and i have proof please

HAHA! IT'S ANNOYING ORANGE, NOT ANNOYING_ORANGE! *LAUGHS* you failed

The females head is in the genital area of the male.
is the explicit name of male genitalia even alloud to be posted on jv?

Game Award 2014
15000 players online

Jiggmin hires programists to make PR5 and Luna 2
He make bad updates, players quit.
Jigg sels his house, moves to his mother and backs to PR2 and Luna.

He thinks about PR6 and Luna 3.

This is gonna be good >:3 *Runs into a tree and gets buried in termites*

BECOME A MOD
Respect the rules, no spamming and no foul language!
Follow the rules like me and work your way to a mod!

Don't we all try to be nice just for the sakes.? Just because you don't become mod doesn't mean you're a failure. That's my motto.

If i told you to send phantom power to a DI over line 3 what would you do if you were new to the situation? Have no idea? In the eyes of people who know what they are doing, it would be them thinking you are rather silly because you are new. Just like you knowing how this forum works, and them being the newbies it's the same situation.

Both quotes: So you know the ways of a school you've never been to day #1?

So what if it's a dumb typo, have your laugh and move on, you don't need to spam it everywhere. How would you like it if we quoted silly posts by you and shared them everywhere and you saw people laughing at it?

You mentioned experience. You've got to see something and learn it's ways, that's called experience. You're saying newbies have this straight off, and think it's ok to make fun of it because they learn.

So they may have, but a majority of those messages on the thread weren't.

Don't really care what they were or weren't. It was still insulting to the people who said them by laughing and poking fingers at them. By posting it in that thread.

Gave up on that seeing as you decided to poke fun at that argument too. :P

Probably both :P But whatever. I just want you to know the thread isn't coming back, you still do need their permission to post quotes which will end up being posted here and laughed at.

http://i.imgur.com/0VLcl.png
http://img811.imageshack.us/img811/1759/14de56c48c52489e8fcfafb.png

i im old two i hate being a old teen

 to be raptured means that you gets taken up to heaven. only christians get raptured blah blah blah..

Sports only! I don't want to read threads about how people's 'stamp collecting' challenge is progressing ._.


All you guys are acting like you don't really care.
I bet you all made him do this.
And yes, apparently he suicided according to some of my friends who use JV.

[QUOTE=ProClifo;2828356]Don't kill yourself, there is no such thing as heaven.[/QUOTE]

Don't you think that could be what you believe in because of your religion?

Dyldo has a biggest foot fetish ever! OMG! He loves them :O
Maybe, but it is pretty big!
Why U No Like Feet?

HEY DONT LIST MY NAME -_- Wait you diddnt u.u

Uh.. Us destructors don't have bad luck on Friday the 13th, We actually have fun! :O Uh, Lemme check somthing.. Yes! We're not under attack by any weird faced humping things that look like creation people with a wtf face...

so basically all ya gotta do is click that little thank button at the bottom of this page and thats it!

and i am not doing this so i get loads of thanks and stuff no no no im just simply doing this for entertainment so LETS GET THANKING!

ya know what do whatever the **** u want i knew you guys would find some f***** argument to put againts this

shut the fu** up you noob

In fact, its:

Lagger: I can keep ruin every game even someone find out Im lagger and can not play this game normally, He will get LPQ if he dont waste time with ME!!!
Lagger: HAHAHA!!!

shit system!!!

Pasi5000: no zorrjeff

ZorJeff: pasininja shut up

Pasi5000: pasininja lol

Pasi5000: zorjeff cant regiser here

Pasi5000: so he is shut up

Pasi5000: zorjeff is shut up

ZorJeff: shut up

Pasi5000: shut up you

Pasi5000: and stop shut up

Pasi5000: shut up spam 


ur delicious so Y U NO GO IN MY MOUTH?

reason im typing this is fact that, you will NEVER know who em i and u will never be able use this INformation vs me, so i feel free to confess.

im zoophile,, ive changed many schools? because boys was beating me all the time? they was calling tons of bad names? but mostly they was calling me "Miserable Pervert" cuz i was 17 years old and i was carrying a Plush Foal in my backpack, His name was MR.fluffpuff so,, oh my god ...icant remember all that terrible things without tears in my eyes.

so once, they found "MR.Fluffpuff" THEY BeaT me UP very hard AND..THEY RIP MR.FLuffPuff apart ....I wanted to protect my friend but THERE was nothing i COULD DO!!! i was just lying on the floor in the school toilet watching how they Taking my ONLY TRUE FRIEnD away from me.

after that i started to play dota, and i play dota every day, for 10-12 hours per day, cuz when i play it i turn off my brain and do not think about that terrible events that I experienced in school.

so is there a patch or not?please stop this shit 

 
I went to heaven i'm to good guy


I'm not sure if i understand this, so u remvoed sk from the game cuz of a religion thing? It's what i am supose to understand from that cuz u state it been remove for ceremonial purpose. Im not sure what to think of that. I hope i mistake it, but if u really remvoed that cuz of a religion omfg i am gonna rage so much. Not that i am a sk player but lol in game religion, u might want to make a community for Allah as well.

Lol i know u dont like me moderator u block every thread i do(might it be call abuse of power?). You just blocked my last thread cuz there is a thread talking about sk. Just go look the thread where u sent me. try to find a comment that speak about sk in the first 5page, u wont find any, then try to find 1 in the last 6 page, u wont find any comment about sk. Even the dude who made the thread do not speak about sk, no he posted a greevling video. GG. Message to this moderator, i wont say his name cuz he know who he is(if this is all u got to do in your whole life, watch forum 24/24 and block every thread that skunkeriser do) Do so, if it make u happier my friend. I'm glad to contribute to ur happyness!

You sucks playing dota2 .!!!! you are too bad , please unisstall dota

gee... you really cant argue with logic against some people or they just bitch around like miley cyrus on her period.... learn to accept getting defeated by a greater mind man! :cool:

Well, since this thread is the "no rules" thread, I have to say this: you guys are pathetic. The most visible way to give feedback to Valve has turned into "dota chat without moderators". yeah, people from playdota.com, who got their account banned or can't post these silly things in there, come into here, to circlejerk.

I feel this whole forum should be deleted (I mean, when they fix playdota.com database... every 2 weeks it breaks... holyshit).

This thread is the proof of the usefullness of this forum.

(I'm mad? What about you guys? Mad? Truth hurts? ignore it because I don't have an avatar)

active player looking for unmater and active guild!


Yeah, it's spelled Niger*, dude must of failed history class!

Or I merely have a preference for using "of" instead of "have", even though it's not officially recognized as proper English. People around here say it with the word "of".

I know that's the proper way to say it, but I prefer to spell it the way it's usually said up here in Canada, with an "of" sound.

I am a man, I cannot give birth and thus do not have contractions, so I will continue to use "of", because I like to!

 Dude can you read the changelog, and stop posting trash? 2 times in a row, wp braindead

fu*k patch i just f*cking reach 4k mmr whenever i climb 3989mmr i lose f*ck this shit this literally happened 12-13 times lol wow

 I will mercilessly add to my ignore list anyone that makes an incredibly annoying signature.

well arne't u an eisenstein

I am done arguing here you people try to gang up and make it 3 on 1. Btw, I still win. Me - 169, Rest - 3 (each person got a point for trying). GG bye now.
